                  Data processing and cleaning steps: 
1. Changing the names of the columns in the dataset: Changing the names of the columns 
in a dataset is a common data cleaning task where we need to make the column names 
more user-friendly. We can use Pandas, a Machine Learning library to automatically 
change the column names as per our requirement. 
2. Removing unwanted columns: Removing unwanted columns from a dataset is a 
common data cleaning task, where we remove unnecessary information from the 
dataset. 
3. Removing duplicate values: Removing duplicate values from a dataset is a data cleaning 
task which is performed to maintain the accuracy of the data. This involves identifying 
and removing duplicate values from one or more columns. 
4. Dropping the null values: Dropping the null values from the dataset is a common 
cleaning step that ensures our dataset does not have any incomplete information. We 
can remove the rows or columns that have missing values.  
5. Changing the string formats of each column: Changing the string formats of each 
column is a data cleaning task which is done to ensure the consistency of the data and 
for better analysis of the data. 
6. Factorization of categorical variables: Factorization of categorical variables is a common 
data cleaning task which is done to convert categorical data into numerical 
representations. 
7. Converting into categorical variables: Converting into categorical variables is a common 
data cleaning step where we prepare the data that requires a categorical input for the 
algorithm. 
8. Identifying if there is any unwanted characters or special characters and removing 
them: Identifying if there is any unwanted characters or special characters and removing 
them is one of the essential steps in the data cleaning. We remove all the unwanted and 
special characters to make sure the quality of the data is achieved. 
9. Outliers removal: Outliers removal is an important data cleaning step performed to 
achieve the reliability of the data. Outliers are data points that are very different from 
the original data and can cause skewness. In our project, we have performed outliers 
removal for age column. 
10. Replacing the empty values with mode: Replacing the empty values with mode is a data 
cleaning step where the empty values are replaced with mode values (The most 
frequent occurring value in the dataset). We do this to make a dataset complete and 
accurate. 
